Mr. Jesus, do not take our
sins but the faith of your people and
according to your word grant peace
and the unity to you that you live queens and we
love for centuries of the centuries how many
people live in life then you know not
there is a census put not listed in the
Nicolaus map to go out and I advise that
you put the bone the people who live
now here are the ones that first go to
occupy departments when you
build the germ neither of the
builder and the municipality is
social worker for how many years
is the house here
it's a war between them we can not
put more than ten years ago I 'm
illegally occupying a work that no
government ended if we do not want us
happen the same thing we have to do something already
that the frustration and anger that he wants
that we support a violent take
it's crazy , I thought it's our
priest work which one knows very well
what am i talking about
I want to know if you are able to stay at
front of this parish
we never went there not somewhere else a
priest did not negotiate with
drug traffickers I did not go to negotiate
seven and ten all the decisions that
we take can harm a task that
it is much more important than all
we are together
in a situation like this we can not
be only priests
or you think that it's easy for me to come
here every day have no idea what
is
I did not choose to be here
I can not just
the violence of yesterday is not the same as
Today's
but our love is the same